Hi Everyone,

We are super excited that you're coming to the wedding in just a few more
weeks! Cape Town promises to deliver gorgeous weather, and we cannot wait to
see you all!

So after almost a year of silence, we're finally ready to give you some updates
as you’re making your final travel arrangements. :) RSVP. If you're getting
this email, its because we think you're coming (YAY!). If we're wrong (and we
hope not), can you let us know?  RSVP for Pre-Wedding Events. If you are
coming, can you quickly fill out this form (one person responding for each
party is fine) to let us know which of the pre-wedding events you’ll be coming
to?  This will help us with catering, organizing the hike, etc.  Thanks!

**Important** Please fill out this form to help us plan: http://goo.gl/PKLw7


Locations
Locations of pre-wedding events:

For the hike, we will meet at the hike starting point, close to the bottom of the cable car up Table Mountain.

The mendhi and tumeric ceremonies will be held at Marshini’s mum’s house. The address is: 34 Woodford Avenue, Camps Bay, 8040. 


Directions: If you are entering Camps Bay on the Camps Bay Drive road that hugs
the top of Table Mountain, follow this road for some time. You will pass Dal
road on your right, then Camps Bay Drive on your right. The third right turn is
Woodford. Marshini’s mum's house is the second house on the left with a white
wall and black gate. Please park lower down the street on the left hand side.

As a reminder, our wedding Web site, http://marshandnick.us/, has a map with the wedding location annotated.


Pre-Wedding Schedule of Events

Thursday morning at 7:30 a.m. - Hike up Platteklip Gorge of Table Mountain, led
by Nick.  This jaunt can take up to 2.5 hours for the average fit person. Those
who do not want to make the hike down can take the cable car down to make it
shorter.  Some people may opt to take the cable car up, as well. Here is some
information on the hike:

http://www.ridgwayramblers.co.za/index.php/hike-on-table-mountain-platteklip-gorge//
http://slackpacker.wordpress.com/2010/02/05/platteklip-gorge-%E2%80%93-the-classic-route-to-the-top-of-table-mountain/
http://www.netdoc.co.za/trails/platteklip.htm

The hike is pretty convenient and will have lots of folks on it but it gives
good views of Cape Town and is a great workout. It is pretty steep stairs all
the way up but once you've made it, you can say you conquered the Table
Mountain!  The cable car ticket costs ZAR 100 to come back down. Check out
prices here. http://tablemountain.net/ If there's enough interest and folks who
want to go up without hiking, we can plan a party led by Marsh to go up via the
cable car. Also, online tickets are slightly cheaper even for returns for
Adults and Children (4-17 years) so we may want to purchase tickets ahead of
time on the web.  What you would need to hike:


Healthy constitution :) This is very steep so if you're prepared to walk up
lots of steps that's good. We will take lots of breaks to help!

Good cap or sun hat
Sunscreen
Lots of water, probably 2 L per person at minimum since it gets very hot
Few snacks (trail mix, granola bars, fruit, or sandwich)
Comfortable walking shoes (takkies, tennis shoes, hiking shoes if you have them)
Shorts and t-shirt or cool summer clothes
Warm top for the top of the mountain in case its chilly
We will likely meet at the hiking spot entrance early on Thursday morning

Thursday afternoon at 5 p.m.: The Mendhi ceremony will take place at Marshini’s
mum's house in Camps Bay from 5–7 p.m.  During this informal ceremony, the
bride gets her hands and feet painted with mendhi.  Anyone is welcome to attend
this ceremony.  Additionally, female guests are welcome to get mendhi done on
their hands, as well. 

RSVP: At the ceremony, we will have a nice hot dinner, so if you'd like to
come, please let us know for catering purposes.  Guests are welcome to drop by,
see the mendhi work, get their hands painted, or hang out with us and have a
bite to eat.

Friday afternoon at 3:30 p.m.: The Turmeric ceremony will be held at Marshini’s
mum's house in Camps Bay. At 3:30 p.m., we will have Nick's ceremony. It will
last 30 minutes and we will have a short break for refreshments. At 4:30 p.m.,
we will have Marshini's ceremony.  Feel free to drop by and rub turmeric on
Nick or Marsh during the ceremonies, or just come watch us get turned yellow.

RSVP: we would love to know if you will attend for catering purposes.


Suggestions and Administrivia

Rental Cars. If you have not already done so, book your rental car because the
busy season is almost upon us and we don't want anyone stuck without a car.
Popular Tourist Attractions in Peak Season. If you plan on visiting Robben
Island where Nelson Mandela was imprisoned for 27 years (and we recommend it,
its a heart wrenching and heart warming view of South Africa's history) then
please consider booking tickets now. The site is
http://www.robben-island.org.za/. The visit takes about half a day (3-4 hours)
but its well worth it.

Restaurant Reservations.  Similarly, if you want to eat at any of the finer
dining restaurants in Cape Town like Le Quartier Francais, La Colombe etc,
consider making reservations now to get a spot.

Finally, some administrivia:

Transportation to/from the wedding. My mum has arranged a bus to take people
staying in Cape Town to the wedding on Saturday at 1pm and to come back to Cape
Town once the wedding festivities have ended. If you're interested in this
option, let us know so that we can be sure everyone has a seat. The bus will
likely depart from my mum’s place in Camps Bay and return there once the
wedding has ended.

Dietary restrictions. If you have a dietary restriction for the wedding, please
let us know. We know we have two vegans and we have also accommodated for those
who are vegetarian or only enjoy fish. If there's anything else we should know
about, now's the time :)


If there's anything else we can help you with to ease your travels, let us
know! We cannot wait to see you!!!

More updates to come!
Marshini and NIck
