Dear @NAME@,

We have not yet received a reply for the workshop invitation below.  We hope
you'll consider attending, as we expect the workshop to be exciting and
valuable.  Please let us know as soon as you can.

Thanks,
Nick, Sean, and Lenore


--------------------------

Dear @NAME@,

We invite you to participate in an NSF-sponsored workshop, “Cybersecurity Data
for Experimentation” on real-world data for cybersecurity data on *Friday,
August 27, 2010* in the Washington, DC area.  

The workshop's goals are two-fold: (1) to allow people from industry to discuss
data that they have available to them and problems that they want solved with
this data; (2) to allow academics to find intersections between research
problems they are working on and data that may be available from industrial
partners.  We hope that this workshop will help facilitate such partnerships
between academic researchers and industry.  

We have included a longer version of the summary below.  As small preparation
for the workshop, we would ask that academics bring one cybersecurity research
project that could benefit from real-world data, and that industrial partners
bring one question they would like answered (or problem they would like solved)
that is based on data available to them.

**Please reply by Friday, August 13 to let us know whether you can attend this workshop.**  Further information about the workshop, and registration information, is available here:
http://www.gtisc.gatech.edu/nsf_workshop10.html

Thank you,
Nick Feamster
Sean Wang
Lenore Zuck


Agenda (Tentative)
---------------------------
08:30-9:00 Breakfast
09:00-9:15 Introduction 
09:15-9:45 Keynote: Why is Data so Vital for Academics?  The Need for Data 
09:45-11:00 What Data is Available and How Should It Be Analyzed? (Industry Panel)
11:00-11:15 Break
11:00-12:30 What Data is Needed? (Researcher Panel)
12:30-01:30 Lunch
01:30-02:45 Mechanics and Policies (Researcher/Industry/Government Panel)
02:45-03:00 Break
03:00-04:00 Wrap-Up and Preparation of Summary Statement


Workshop Summary
----------------------------

As a consequence of the "60-Day Review," it became clear that the academic
community working on cybersecurity is in dire need of real data.  The PREDICT
portal is an effort to catalog and house the increasingly available research
data, and per NSF's request, the needs of the academia for data have been
documented. On the other hand, agencies, companies and organizations who do
have data are seeking research innovations in the “arms race” against
cyber-attacks.  For the purpose of bridging the two sides, we are organizing a
workshop on “Real-world Cybersecurity Data Research” that will bring together
people from companies/organizations, academia, and government agencies. The
goal of the workshop is to discuss (1) models of engagement that will allow the
research community to conduct experiments with real-world data sets, (2) how to
share research results, and (3) how funding agencies can facilitate the
process.  This workshop is sponsored by NSF and is in collaboration with DHS,
ONR, and the Treasury [we are seeking more]. The workshop has attracted
companies that are committed to participate and eager to share their data or to
engage the research community in other ways around real-world data. 

A guiding principle of the workshop is that the resulting models should be
feasible with the built-in incentives to all parties involved, and the
guarantees against violations of privacy or other regulations. The workshop
will be organized around panel discussions of three topics: (1) Data
availability and use conditions, (2) Research that can greatly benefit from
available data to make much needed progresses in cyber-defense, and (3)
Engagement models and related IP issues.  This will be a one-day workshop, in
the DC metro area, held on August 27th, 2010.  The participants will include
roughly 15 representatives of companies/organizations that have data, 20
academics, and government representatives.  The workshop will be broadcast to
the community at large and will be open to questions and suggestions from the
listeners.
 

