Dear @NAME@,

Jennifer Rexford and I are submitting a proposal to co-chair the first SIGCOMM
workshop on Hot Topics in Software Defined Networking (HotSDN).  The workshop
will solicit position papers and works in progress on various topics related to
Software Defined Networking, as listed in the draft call for papers below.

We would be delighted if you could help out with this workshop by serving on
the program committee.  We expect that the reviewing load for the workshop will
be light, not to exceed about ten 6-page papers for each reviewer.  The
reviewing schedule is included in the draft call for papers below.

We have included a draft call for papers below.  Please let us know, by
Friday, November 25:
	* Are you interested in participating?
	* Do you have any comments on/revisions to the call for papers?

We will know by mid-December whether the workshop is accepted as a SIGCOMM
workshop.

Thanks!
Nick and Jen


---------------------------------------

ACM SIGCOMM Workshop on Hot Topics in Software Defined Networking (HotSDN)
                                 Co-located with ACM SIGCOMM'12
                                     August 13 or August 17, 2012
                                               Helsinki, Finland

Software Defined Networking (SDN) refactors the relationship between network
devices and the software that controls them.  Open interfaces to network
switches enable more flexible and predictable network control, and they make it
easier to extend network function.  During the past few years, several router
vendors have introduced software development kits for programming their network
devices, and several commercial switches now support the emerging OpenFlow
standard.   Researchers have proposed new applications that can run on top of a
software defined network, including dynamic access control, server load
balancing, energy-efficient networking,  and seamless client mobility and
virtual-machine migration.  Many research and industry groups worldwide are
pursuing different aspects of software defined networking, and experimental and
production deployments exist.  [Something about industry or data centers?  What
about the GENI mesoscale stuff/GENI racks?]

Still, many important research challenges remain: how to design switches and
APIs that offer greater flexibility without compromising performance; how to
design a software platform for the control and management of software defined
networks; how to design new applications that capitalize on the programmability
of the network; how to lower the barrier to creating, testing, and evaluating
new applications; how to transition an existing network to SDN, and how a
software defined network can interoperate with existing protocols and devices;
and many others.

The goal of the workshop is to explore recent research and developments related
to SDN; to allow an exchange of ideas; to encourage broad interaction between
industry and academia; and to help build a wider community to explore and
realize the potential of SDN.

Topics

We encourage submission of both position papers and work-in-progress papers on
Software Defined Networking.  We solicit previously unpublished work on topics
including, but not limited to the following:

Applications of SDN in home, wireless, cellular, enterprise, data-center, and backbone networks
Application of SDN to network management, performance monitoring, security, etc.)
Virtual appliances (e.g., firewalls, intrusion detection systems, load balancers, etc.) on SDN
Virtualization support in software-defined networks
Switch designs for SDN
Application Programming Interfaces for SDN
Control and management software stack for SDN
Programming languages, verification techniques, and tools for SDN
Performance evaluation of SDN network elements and controllers
Experiences deploying SDN technology and applications in operational networks
Hybrid SDN approaches (integration with other control planes)
Transitioning existing networks to SDN
Placement and factoring of SDN control logic



Important Dates

Registration of abstracts: March 30, 2012
Submissions due: April 6, 2012
Notification of acceptance: May 16, 2012
Camera ready version due: June 8, 2012
Workshop date: August 13 or 17, 2012


PC Co-chairs

Nick Feamster (Georgia Tech)
Jennifer Rexford (Princeton)
