Dear @NAME@,

Following on a working meeting last week we had at Georgia Tech
(http://gtisc.gatech.edu/foci.html) on topics in free and open
communication on the Internet (a report is forthcoming), Wenke Lee and I
are co-chairing a USENIX workshop on Free and Open Communication on the
Internet, to be co-located with the USENIX Security Symposium in August.
The workshop will solicit position papers and works in progress on both
policy and technology research related to the topic of ensuring free and
open communication on the Internet.

We would be delighted if you could help out with this workshop by
sitting on the program committee.  We expect that the reviewing load for
the workshop will be very light, not to exceed five or six 6-page
position papers for each reviewer.

We have included a draft call for papers below.  Please let us know, by
Wednesday, March 9:
	* Are you interested in participating?
	* Do you have any comments on/revisions to the call for papers?

Thanks!
Nick and Wenke


---------------------------------------


Draft Call for Papers

The first Workshop on Free and Open Communications on the Internet
(FOCI) seeks to bring together researchers and practitioners from both
technology and policy who are working on technologies to detect or
circumvent practices that block, degrade, or otherwise tamper with free
and open communications on the Internet.

The growth of the Internet offers great promise for improving the
communication capabilities for many users, but it also makes it easier
for organizations to control, monitor, or block user
communications. ISPs and governments routinely restrict access to
Internet content and services, either by censoring access to the
information (i.e., censorship) or degrading the performance of various
services (i.e., violating network neutrality). Indeed, although we think
of the Internet as enabling the “democratization” of communications,
free and open access is at risk: the Open Net Initiative reports that
nearly 60 countries censor some access to information on the
Internet. Similarly, ISPs can degrade network performance for certain
subsets of users for some or all services. For example, some ISPs have
been found to routinely block or throttle certain application traffic
(e.g., BitTorrent); additionally, the FCC Broadband Reports show that
broadband Internet users in the United States achieve download speeds
that are only half of what their ISPs have promised them.  This growing
trend towards blocking, tampering with, or otherwise restricting
communications on the Internet calls for better techniques for both
monitoring the state of restrictions on Internet content and
communications (i.e., improving “transparency”) and circumventing
attempts to censor, degrade, or or otherwise tamper with Internet com-
munications.

We encourage submissions of new, interesting work on a wide variety of
topics of interest, including, but not limited to, the following areas:

• Evaluation or analysis of existing anti-censorship systems. 

* Comparisons of existing performance-measurement tools that might be
  used to detect tampering (e.g.,violations of “network neutrality”)

• Studies and findings on censorship or tampering from field deployments
  (e.g., what content various countries are currently censoring, the
  extent to which ISPs are degrading certain types of content)

• Metrics for deniability and robustness 

• Performance metrics and benchmarks for detecting content tampering or
  performance degradation

• Censorship of search results 

• The design of network protocols and topologies that resist tampering
  or censorship

• Policy-related issues

We invite short position papers or work-in-progress reports. FOCI will
favor interesting and new ideas and early results that lead to
well-founded position papers. We envision that work presented at FOCI
will ultimately be published at relevant, high-quality conferences.
Papers will be selected primarily based on technical merit and
originality, with additional consideration given to their potential to
generate discussion at the workshop.


Submission guidelines. Submitted papers must be no longer than six 8.5”
x 11” pages, based on the standard ACM template. Specifically, your
paper should be typeset in two-column format in 10-point type on 12
point (single-spaced) leading, with a text block no more than 6.5” wide
by 9” deep. Submissions are single-blind; authors should include their
names and affiliations as part of their submissions. Papers must be
submitted via the Web submission form, which will be available
soon. Simultaneous submission of the same work to multiple venues,
submission of previously published work, or plagiarism constitutes
dishonesty or fraud, and such submissions will be rejected without
review.

Tentative dates for the workshop are as follows:
• Paper submission: May 1, 2010 
• Paper notification: June 15, 2010
• Camera ready: July 11, 2010
