Dear @FIRST@,

Thank you for agreeing to attend CITP’s Censorship Conference on October
9, 2015.  We have assembled an exciting lineup of panels; tentative
panelists and topics are below. (The conference is open to the public,
and will be streamed and recorded.) 

At your earliest convenience, please look over the important logistical
information linked below:

https://citp.princeton.edu/logistics-for-participants-of-censorship-workshop-and-conference/ 

@PANELTXT@

@PREWORKSHOP@

Our hotel block with the Nassau Inn expires on September 8th.  You must
contact them before then if you would like to book a room; detailed
instructions are on the webpage. 

The dinner for the workshop and conference has been set for Thursday,
October 8, 2015, at 6 pm at Palmer House. Please RSVP by Monday,
September 28th, using the link on the webpage. 

If you have confirmation from Nick Feamster that CITP will reimburse
your travel expenses, you should review the travel policies linked on
the webpage. In particular, note that air and train tickets must be
economy fares booked at least 14 days in advance of the event. Again,
only participants with prior confirmation from Nick will receive any
reimbursement. 

If you have any questions or concerns, please feel free to contact me.
Thank you and have a good day. 

Thanks!
Nick Feamster


----------------


Panel 1: International Security and Human Rights.
 
Zeynep Tufecki (University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill)
Sascha Meinrath (The X Lab)
Hans Klein (Georgia Tech)

* What are the international security and human rights considerations surrounding interference with Internet communications?
* How do we deal with offensive technologies such as “Great Cannon”?
* What is the appropriate response to companies that are selling technology to foreign suppressive regimes?
* What is the role of network scientists and engineers in this discussion? What is the role of political scientists?
* How can the two groups work together to design policies to prevent and to reciprocate such as sanctions?

Panel 2: Assessing the State of Internet Accessibility

Roya Ensafi (Princeton University)
Steven Schultze (Department of State)
Alex Halderman (University of Michigan)

* What methods do network scientists currently have to measure Internet accessibility? 
* How do we enable repeatable, reliable longitudinal measurements of Internet accessibility?
How can empirical network measurements complement methods from qualitative social science?
* What aspects of sociopolitical context do computer scientists need to be aware of, and what types of data political scientists most need?

Panel 3: Balkanization of the Internet: Internet under attack.

Joe Hall (Center for Democracy and Technology)
Rob Faris (Berkman Center)
Vern Paxson (UC Berkeley and International Computer Science Institute)

* How can we assess the prevalence of national firewalls and surveillance?
* What is the current state of “filter bubbles”? How can we best characterize them?
* What are the effects of the Snowden revelations on attitudes and behavior?
