Draft Call for Papers

The first USENIX Workshop on Free and Open Communications on the Internet (FOCI) seeks
to bring together researchers and practitioners from both technology and policy
who are working on policies or technologies to detect or circumvent practices
that inhibit free and open communications on the Internet.

The growth of the Internet offers great promise for improving the communication
capabilities of many users, but our increasing dependence on networked
communications also makes it easier for organizations to control, monitor, or
block user communications. ISPs and governments routinely restrict access to
Internet content and services, either by censoring access to the information or
degrading the performance of various services (e.g., violating network
neutrality). Indeed, although we think of the Internet as enabling the
“democratization” of communications, free and open access is at risk: the Open
Net Initiative reports that nearly 60 countries censor some access to
information on the Internet. Similarly, ISPs can degrade network performance
for certain subsets of users for some or all services. For example, some ISPs
have been found to routinely block or throttle certain application traffic
(e.g., BitTorrent).  This growing trend towards blocking, tampering with, or
otherwise restricting communications on the Internet calls for better
techniques for both monitoring the state of restrictions on Internet content
and communications (i.e., improving “transparency”) and circumventing attempts
to censor, degrade, or or otherwise tamper with Internet com- munications.  In
many cases, this technology must be both deniable (i.e., it must allow the user
to deny knowledge about using the technology) and robust to blocking.

We encourage submissions of new, interesting work on a wide variety of
topics of interest, including, but not limited to, the following areas:

• Evaluation or analysis of existing anti-censorship systems. 

* Comparisons of existing performance-measurement tools that might be
  used to detect tampering (e.g.,violations of “network neutrality”)

• Studies and findings on censorship or tampering from field deployments
  (e.g., what content various countries are currently censoring, the
  extent to which ISPs are degrading certain types of content)

* Analysis of the economic impact of censorship

* Metrics for deniability and robustness 

• Performance metrics and benchmarks for detecting content tampering or
  performance degradation

• Detecting and measuring the censorship of search results 

• The design of network protocols and topologies that resist tampering
  or censorship

* Techniques to counter mass surveillance

• Policy-related issues

We invite short position papers or work-in-progress reports.  The workshop will
have no printed proceedings, and we do not regard appearance at FOCI to be
prior publication for future submission purposes.  FOCI will favor interesting
and new ideas and early results that lead to well-founded position papers. We
envision that work presented at FOCI will ultimately be published at relevant,
high-quality conferences.  Papers will be selected primarily based on technical
merit and originality, with additional consideration given to their potential
to generate discussion at the workshop.


Submission guidelines. Submitted papers must be no longer than six 8.5”
x 11” pages, based on the standard ACM template. Specifically, your
paper should be typeset in two-column format in 10-point type on 12
point (single-spaced) leading, with a text block no more than 6.5” wide
by 9” deep. Submissions are single-blind; authors should include their
names and affiliations as part of their submissions. Papers must be
submitted via the Web submission form, which will be available
soon. Simultaneous submission of the same work to multiple venues,
submission of previously published work, or plagiarism constitutes
dishonesty or fraud, and such submissions will be rejected without
review.

Tentative dates for the workshop are as follows:
• Paper submission: May 1, 2010 
• Paper notification: June 15, 2010
• Camera ready: July 11, 2010

Program Committee (partial list)

Roger Dingledine, Tor Project
Mike Freedman, Princeton
Jed Crandall, University of New Mexico
Santosh Vempala, Georgia Tech
Joss Wright, Oxford
Wendy Seltzer, Princeton CITP and the Berkman Center
Richard Clayton, Cambridge University
George Danezis, Microsoft Research
Jennifer Rexford, Princeton
Hal Roberts, Berkman Center, Harvard
Paul Syverson, Naval Research Lab
Josh Karlin, BBN
Dorothy Chou, Google
Krishna Gummadi, Max Planck Institute
