Dear @FIRST@,

We are very excited to have you on a panel tomorrow at the Princeton
Center for Information Technology Policy (CITP) for the conference on
Security and Privacy for the Internet of Things.  To remind you, you're
signed up to speak on the @TOPIC@ panel.

You can see the full schedule for the conference, including a schedule
of all panels here:
https://citp.princeton.edu/event/conference-internet-of-things/

There are nearly 200 people registered for the conference, and there
will also be live-streaming, so there will be quite an audience.

**To the Panelists**: I've contacted your panel moderator earlier this
morning to get in touch to see about kicking off some discussion about
each panel prior to tomorrow.  The format can be relatively fluid, as we
want to leave ample time for discussion and questions from our audience,
but we would ask you to have some prepared remarks.  Some possible
thought questions/food for thought are included at the bottom of this
email. 

Here is some logistical information:
* Each panel's length is 75 minutes.  
* There are four panelists on each panel, plus the moderator (who may
  choose to set the stage with some initial comments).
* If we assume no more than 10 minutes per panelist, plus some moderator
  commentary, that leaves about 30 minutes for each panel for moderator
  questions plus Q&A from the audience.
* You are welcome to use slides if you like---we do have projection
  capability. However, slides are not necessary if you would rather
  speak from notes.  You can speak from the podium or the dais,
  whichever you prefer.
* As a reminder, the conference will be recorded.

Thanks very much!
Nick Feamster
Acting Director, CITP

p.s. Sorry that this email is coming later than it should!

------------


Some of the topics and questions that the conference plans to address include:

Robustness.
- How long can consumers expect to receive software updates and security
  patches for the devices that they purchase? 
- How should manufacturers communicate end-of-life expectations to
  consumers? What are reasonable end-of-life expectations? 
- What are the best ways to guarantee robust device operation in the
  face of network failures and other network disconnection events? 
- What are the possible approaches for addressing “trolley problems” in
  IoT settings, where software has been programmed to make a particular
  choice that encodes ethics? 

Privacy.
- What are the best technical and policy mechanisms to ensure the security of private data?
- How can IoT technologies best provide users with transparency,
  control, and choice over how the data from IoT devices are collected,
  shared, and retained? 
- How can we provide better visibility into and control over how their
  devices communicate with cloud service providers and other third
  parties?  
- To what extent can consumers maintain control over how data from IoT
  devices is collected, shared, and retained? 

Security.
- Who should bear the liability or responsibility for ensuring that
  connected IoT devices remain secure and up-to-date? 
- Given that many IoT devices may ship with software vulnerabilities
  that will never be patched, what are the appropriate ways to deal with
  these devices?	    

