Dear @FIRST@,

We are excited to invite you to the CITP Research Conference on Security
and Privacy for the Internet of Things to be held on October 21, 2016, at
the Friend Center Convocation Room on the Princeton Campus.  

The conference will be a full-day event with speakers and several
panels.  We are planning three panels, with high-level topics and
example discussion points outlined at the bottom of this message.

@PANELTXT@

We sincerely hope you can attend.  Please let us know by September 21, 2016
whether you can participate by filling out this response form:
@REPLYURL@

More information about the conference, including planned topics for
discussion, is here: 
https://citp.princeton.edu/event/conference-internet-of-things/

Thanks very much!
Nick Feamster
Acting Director, CITP

------------


Some of the topics and questions that the conference plans to address include:

Robustness.
- How long can consumers expect to receive software updates and security
  patches for the devices that they purchase? 
- How should manufacturers communicate end-of-life expectations to
  consumers? What are reasonable end-of-life expectations? 
- What are the best ways to guarantee robust device operation in the
  face of network failures and other network disconnection events? 
- What are the possible approaches for addressing “trolley problems” in
  IoT settings, where software has been programmed to make a particular
  choice that encodes ethics? 

Privacy.
- What are the best technical and policy mechanisms to ensure the security of private data?
- How can IoT technologies best provide users with transparency,
  control, and choice over how the data from IoT devices are collected,
  shared, and retained? 
- How can we provide better visibility into and control over how their
  devices communicate with cloud service providers and other third
  parties?  
- To what extent can consumers maintain control over how data from IoT
  devices is collected, shared, and retained? 

Security.
- Who should bear the liability or responsibility for ensuring that
  connected IoT devices remain secure and up-to-date? 
- Given that many IoT devices may ship with software vulnerabilities
  that will never be patched, what are the appropriate ways to deal with
  these devices?	    

