[ Sent to academic types on the WIRED attendee list. ]

Hi Folks,

Since you are all supposed to be writing abstracts anyway for WIRED (and
many of you have done so), the announcement below may be of interest.
Students could probably just flip their WIRED statements directly to the
workshop below.  Others may have interested students.

Expect more content on the web site, including thee position statements
soon, possibly over the coming weekend.

-Nick


CoNext Student Workshop
Lisbon, Portugal
December 4, 2006

Call for Abstracts

The CoNext Student Workshop is a forum for graduate students around the
world to interact with their peers, publicize and exchange feedback,
share experiences, make contacts, and learn about networking problems
that other students from around the world are working on. Students will
not only learn about other students' work, but also meet and interact
with established networking researchers, who will participate in the
workshop as panelists and organizers. Students will have the opportunity
to establish connections in the networking community and help shape its
future.  The workshop will be a day-long program organized in a way that
promotes interaction and lively discussion.

The CoNext 2006 Student Workshop organizing committee is encouraging the
submission of abstracts describing ongoing thesis research in all areas
of computer networking and data communications (for a list of topics,
please refer to the CoNext 2006 call for papers). Student authors are
asked to submit 1-2 page abstracts before the deadline below, using the
CoNext 2006 format. Please visit http://www.co-next.net and follow the
link to the Student Workshop to submit your abstract. Submissions will
be reviewed by the program committee, from which a number of abstracts
will be selected for inclusion in the workshop program. The workshop
abstracts will appear in the CoNext 2006 proceedings.

CoNext 2006 offer students the opportunity to apply for travel grants.
Information on travel grants are available from http://www.co-next.net.

Important dates: 
---------------- 
Submission: September 29th, 2006
Notification: October 13th, 2006 
Final version: October 20th, 2006


Student Workshop chairs:

Nick Feamster, Georgia Tech, USA                                            
Renata Teixeira, LIP6-CNRS, France                                          
                                                                               
Program Committee: 

Aditya Akella, University of Wisconsin, USA 
Ernst Biersack, Institut Eurecom, France 
Olivier Bonaventure, Universite Catholique de Louvain, Belgium 
Luis Costa, Universidade Federal do Rio de Janeiro, Brazil 
Jon Crowcroft, University of Cambridge, UK 
Xenofontas Dimitropoulos, IBM Zurich 
Serge Fdida, LIP6-CNRS, France 
Jim Kurose, University of Massachusetts, Amherst, USA
Olaf Maennel, University of Adelaide, Australia
Morley Mao, University of Michigan, USA
Aman Shaikh, AT&T Research, USA
Geoff Voelker, University of California San Diego
