Dear @NAME@,

We cordially invite you to the Workshop on Free and Open Communication on the
Internet (FOCI), to be held February 24-25, 2011 at Georgia Tech in Atlanta,
Georgia.  We tentatively plan to hold the workshop from Thursday
afternoon/evening until Friday mid-afternoon, with an informal reception or
dinner on Thursday evening.  We expect the workshop to have about 20-30
attendees and to last 1-1.5 days, with a few talks from experts and several
open-ended panel discussions.

We should be able to provide support for up to $500 in expenses for
workshop attendees.

More details, including a Web site for the workshop, and agenda details
are forthcoming.  

If possible, and reply to Nick Feamster and Mary Claire Thompson
<thompson@cc.gatech.edu> to let us know if you will be attending.
Please let us know whether you plan to attend by Friday, October 29, 2010.

Thank you,
Nick Feamster
Santosh Vempala
Mike Best

-----------------------------

Workshop Summary
----------------
More than 50 countries around the world censor or monitor some subset of
Internet traffic, and recent years have seen both the rise of new
censorship techniques and technologies to evade these techniques.  As
Internet connectivity becomes pervasive, government control over and
surveillance of its citizens’ traffic in countries around the world will
become an increasingly important issue.  In light of these trends, we
are hosting a workshop to build a community of people who are working on
various aspects of Internet censorship and surveillance.  The goals of
the workshop are as follows: 

    * To gain a better understanding of the state of Internet censorship
      in various countries around the world.  

    * To understand the policy and legal issues associated with
      censorship (and anti-censorship) in countries around the world.

    * To understand the important technical problems faced by developers
      of today’s anti-censorship tools.

    * To identify research problems related to anti-censorship in
      computer science and technology policy.

